docs: adding patches and integrations v2 (#239)
ReVanced/revanced-cli: docs/0_prerequisites.md

- Java SDK 11 (Azul JDK or OpenJDK)
- [Android Debug Bridge (adb)](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb) if you want to deploy the patched APK file on your device
- An ABI other than ARMv7 such as x86 or x86-64 (or a custom AAPT binary that supports ARMv7)

> - Revanced Patches
> - Revanced Integrations if your patches require them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ReVanced Patches
- ReVanced Integrations, if the patches require it
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## ⏭️ Whats next

The next section will show you how to use ReVanced CLI

> Continue to: [🛠️ Using ReVanced CLI](1_usage.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue: [🛠️ Using ReVanced CLI](1_usage.md)
```
